style-guide.md: page refresh: add rule for mnemonics (#9602)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

- Use GNU-style **long options** (like `--help` rather than `-h`) when they are cross-platform compatible (available on multiple platforms where a command is intended to work among `android`, `linux`, `osx`, `sunos`, `windows`).
- In other cases use short options (like `-h`).

## Mnemonic syntax

> - Mnemonics can be used for short and GNU-style long options.
> - But they must not be used when they are exactly equal the GNU-style long option's name such as (`Display [help]:` for `--help` option) as they are redundant
>   in such case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mnemonics can be used for short and GNU-style long options.
- But they must not be used when they are exactly equal to the GNU-style long option's name such as (`Display [help]:` for `--help` option) as they are redundant
  in such cases.
```
